templates/rebase: add instructions for creating tracker tickets (#1220)
coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/rebase.md

# Rebase to a new version of Fedora (N)

## At previous Fedora major release

### Open tickets to track related work for this release

> - [ ] Fedora Changes Considerations [example](https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/918)

Reviewer: Insignificant nit: maybe parenthesize `example`?

Author: updated.. Also updated the example links to the most recent ones.

- [ ] Package Additions/Removals [example](https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/1128)

> - [ ] Test Week [example](https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/1123)

Reviewer 2: Could we do this at the end of the checklist instead for the next rebase? (I.e. put it under the "Open ticket for the next Fedora rebase" section.)

Author: I started with them down there but then moved them up here. I decided to do that because it's nicer to be able to fire off and create a single ticket (that has a full template) than it is to do these other tickets (require a little more thought). i.e. someone can finish the previous release easily. These other tickets can get picked up later (they are tracked at least).

- [ ] Ship `stable`
- Set a new update barrier for N-2 on `stable`. In the barrier entry set a link to [the docs](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/fedora-coreos/update-barrier-signing-keys/). See [discussion](https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/480#issuecomment-631724629).

### Open ticket for the next Fedora rebase

> - [ ] [Fedora Next Rebase](https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/new?assignees=&labels=area%2Fplatforms%2C+kind%2Fenhancement&template=rebase.md&title=tracker:+Rebase+onto+Fedora+N)

Reviewer 2: Maybe something a bit more descriptive here, like

```suggestion
- [ ] Create a new ticket from the [rebase template](https://github.com/coreos/fedora-coreos-tracker/issues/new?assignees=&labels=area%2Fplatforms%2C+kind%2Fenhancement&template=rebase.md&title=tracker:+Rebase+onto+Fedora+N)
```

?

Author: fixed!
